Add reminder to free RID's in compute shader tutorial (#10740)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/shaders/compute_shaders.rst

 .. code-tab:: gdscript GDScript

    # Create a local rendering device.

>     var rd = RenderingServer.create_local_rendering_device()

Reviewer: I would revert the changes to the code examples.

While we do currently recommend untyped GDScript in the documentation style guide, there is a lot of support among documentation maintainers to switch to typed GDScript when we can. So I don't think it makes sense to change some typed examples back to untyped if we may be changing them again.

If we do make the call to remove all typed GDScript for the time being, we should do so all at once like https://github.com/godotengine/godot/pull/99925 did.

    GD.Print("Input: ", string.Join(", ", input));
    GD.Print("Output: ", string.Join(", ", output));

Freeing memory
------------------

> The ``buffer``, ``pipeline``, and ``uniform_set`` variables we've been using are each an :ref:`class_RID`. Because RenderingDevice is meant to be a lower-level API, RID's aren't freed automatically. This means that once you're done using ``buffer`` or any other RID object, you are responsible for freeing its memory manually using the :ref:`class_RenderingDevice` ``free_rid`` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``buffer``, ``pipeline``, and ``uniform_set`` variables we've been using are
each an :ref:`class_RID`. Because RenderingDevice is meant to be a lower-level
API, RIDs aren't freed automatically. This means that once you're done using
``buffer`` or any other RID object, you are responsible for freeing its memory
manually using the RenderingDevice's
:ref:`free_rid()<class_RenderingDevice_method_free_rid>` method.
```
- Break up long lines
- Link to relevant function
- RIDs not RID's

Optionally, we might not want to use the term "object" for a rid, since "object" can refer to specifically anything derived from Object:
```suggestion
The ``buffer``, ``pipeline``, and ``uniform_set`` variables we've been using are
each an :ref:`class_RID`. Because RenderingDevice is meant to be a lower-level
API, RIDs aren't freed automatically. This means that once you're done using
``buffer`` or any other RID, you are responsible for freeing its memory
manually using the RenderingDevice's
:ref:`free_rid()<class_RenderingDevice_method_free_rid>` method.
```
